hello
[Music]
i never ever want to see your face again
not on my campus
and not ever in my army we clear son
crystal sir
i deserve to feel special
don't look at me like that i've got a
system it's all going back
boy or girl boy tammy
we don't know yet she's still in surgery
this is anne gonzalez assistant manager
tough as nails she keeps everybody in
line
remember when we first got here we had
fun together all we did was bang
we laughed too are you dumping me [ __ ]
you you're not dumping me i'm dumping
you
i know you're selling vape pens to
little mexican kids i don't want to go
into business with you
but you just had to name them freddie my
professor's name hopefully tammy likes
that we didn't really have a
chance to discuss it right you know who
banged a black person in our family
lineage
someone from your mother's grandfather's
side of the family had a mistress
pisses me off i got an inheritance
waiting for me and debbie's holding it
hostage
you left woman run your life it was down
the street why didn't you
tell me get away from the house frank
that's why son mikey so you're buying
this [ __ ]
we're turning it aren't you get out of
my shed
you get these back when frank is head of
the household
man thinks right what about the return
that's right
there must be tons of stuff out there
you know well we're not giving it away
for free this time we're not
no we're going to auction that off make
some money off these things atm cards
one for the each of you frank if you
want to take over a side of the
household
please do it's a [ __ ] job this all
belongs to debbie yeah
you get the fragrances i'll get the
shoes and the dress
i just want to spend time with you in a
place that smells like corn
cause you like me
no this is not the place that sells
stolen goods as a side hustle
unless you got the secret password we
did it
port money we got money we can go to the
er
for your disgusting infected port thing
it brings you to church
hey you n-m-a-a
new mom a-a i'm sarah i'm
mimi d do you want to get a night cappy
maybe somewhere people aren't staring
all right best friends
have fun you're frank gallagher boy
listen you're not welcome here liam
you got to understand that frank and
monica wronged this family 20 ways since
tuesday but i'm just the only black
person in the house full of crackers
debbie oh captain or captain we're
sticking it to the man we're on strike
oh my gosh you'll marry rich i got a
good lawyer it's child support and all
the fathers contribute
i would definitely revisit the derrick's
situation you can't go in that bathroom
right now and rub one out in under three
minutes
it says you'll never come forward to
claim any maternity derek is dead
this is about franny derek's daughter
she deserves his death better
many paternity rights usually there's
some exchange of funds when
rights are signed away how's 5k for your
trouble i'd be a lot less trouble for
10.
i've forgotten that franny's one of his
children too yeah well my job is to make
sure she remembers
you ready to get paid yeah what's going
on
she's got a bad infection jacked up on
drugs
what are you doing why didn't you call
me i would have come to pick you up i
had a place to lay low for a while you
can stay at my house
really yeah of course i'm not gonna let
you sleep in a rail yard thank you carl
a parole board a hearing on the 10th
i'll be here at least a year didn't you
could stay here i didn't mean your
entire family sorry
[Music]
you're not throwing your [ __ ] parole
for me we need to get you the hell out
of me i want to be with you you don't
get to be
oh hell i gotta miss my meeting with dr
robinson
george is coming to my place this
weekend for a cookout a ton of black
doctors will be there come
it'll be good for business i'm wanting
to give you one third of the benefit
in return i want full custody of friends
hang out during my lunch break
gotta meet my parole officer kimball
jojo got a new friend for you coach
molested kenny
lawyer's putting together a class-action
suit against the city
he says we could each get 10 grand yeah
there's a deal with paula
bedell is your fault you sure you were
molested i'd remember if you touched it
or my son carls
i'll give you 30 and 15. 40 and 5. city
basketball clubs are recruiting today
ty can't keep his offer straight so i'm
in our new rv
i guess we're living in an rv now
i negotiated peppa down to partial
custody in exchange for some of derek's
death benefit
but i can't stomach the front of that
[ __ ] having one second alone with
franny
brookie shelley shelley sparky she's
your boss
well vice boss cause i'm your boss
stick it to him shell she ready she's
gonna piss on the family's electronics
and start several small fires so yeah
she's ready okay so you're mine now
you were right we got to kill her so i
guess i owe you a check
i guess you do you want todd you're
gonna have to go through me
his manager
[Music]
hello 9-1-1 i'd like to report a fire
told old lady get shot at the ashcroft
bus stop last night
now the street lights were out you did a
good thing citizen carl
got involved made a change do you want
to go upstairs
we could kick off these heels raid the
mini bar and check out the view
i left you a little something on the
nightstand
[Music]
do you want to join me where are you
frank gallagher
let's go to my place and eat the street
food you live in your car
indeed i do you want to join me faye
donahue
is that you that high school graduation
right before everything changed forever
you were a prostitute when you picked
you up on home corner but i
see now that you are more than that kyle
holmes was my fiance
who is this kyle guy do you know what
you did
i don't i swear hello aunt doopy here
aunt oopie's got everything covered here
i'm gonna teach fred and that little
colored boy about the gettysburg address
i'm sorry wha what was that part look at
all these beautiful highly educated
wealthy black people
all doctors i love you can't be fred's
guardian damn
she's racist as [ __ ] i think we should
get married
what then we can't testify against each
other staying out of jail is a crap
reason to get married no we [ __ ] love
each other that's why we're going to get
married what the [ __ ] is this
our youth leader program these are
future police
dog your mission police this
neighborhood between point a
and b move out go go go go it's marriage
that i don't know if i love i want to
know how you feel you know
and i impose on you to do me a favor of
course what
great um can you pick julia up after
school
julia my kid maybe one day i will want
to get married but in the meantime
i love you i'm not saying never no
you're just saying you don't love me
enough now let's just say
you are overqualified for this group i
think i've got somewhere better suited
for your town
the academy sir how do you feel about
trash
[Music]
oh i'm sorry
now that you remember exactly how you
destroyed kyle's life
i could get on with making pay for it
how'd you get this job someone
recommended me
ah friends in high places huh what's
going
to be full of oxy i need you in an
opioid coma but not you know
dead
[Music]
we're the top garbage crew in the city
strikes me as a little suspicious
no way i'm going to the homecoming dance
with you you don't have to go but if you
don't
i am definitely going to tell my mom
that you went down
this day here with you have fun like we
did when we were kids
geez we are totally relate we're [ __ ]
cousins it's haunted frank
how big is this house nine bedrooms
including the master
but that's mostly just storage for my
father's single malt scotch collection
shouldn't you be in school got more
important stuff to do gotta find frank
he's like a cat he'll be back if i don't
find him soon
you're gonna kick me out of school this
one
looks really old
me tammy and fred are moving to
milwaukee her family gave us an old
house up there
and i'll still be around you know on
weekends and uh
holidays and stuff like that mr
gallagher
welcome to classic journeys i gotta say
this is nothing like the rehab facility
i was sent to back in the day
i love you mickey milkovich and if you
let me
i'd like to spend the rest of my life
christ save the [ __ ] speech a [ __ ]
i'll marry you so debbie and i are
[ __ ]
you're gay i hate vaginas i just wanted
to piss you off
bank i just want to make sure you're
okay
maybe when i get back from puerto rico
we can grab a coffee
i spend the winters down there most
people are crazy
[ __ ] nuts you wanna [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah
i've been to every home in glencoe
looking for you does anyone else know
i'm here
go by this place is for her we should
call the number check it out
kev ball's keg zone cake girl
i rented that house my family this
neighborhood is my support system
i would love if you would help me make
that house a home
we're having a wedding wedding just want
you to know you marry a man i'm gonna
put a [ __ ] bullet in your head
don't say they didn't warn you [ __ ]
bunker
good bamboo lotus
what the wedding place
it's on fire terry
what do you think
the same way we talked about that house
before you went and bought it without
even asking no no
i didn't buy it though i'm renting it
right and we did i mean i
asked and i said no
what the hell do you want uh my mom
kicked me out of the house
which is your fault so here i am oh and
uh
mickey might have to marry debbie
instead of ian what yeah
it's definitely not gay pride day over
there where's they move it too
poker place the the post doll these two
men
in holy matrimony ian
will you take this man to be your
husband i now pronounce you
husband and husband
no yes now monica fisher
will you marry me i mean i gotta find my
ex and get a divorce yes
fred and i are going if you don't want
to come with us
you don't have to we haven't wrestled
for deborah gallagher no [ __ ]
what for statutory rape of a minor julia
nicolo
you got another mask
absolutely
[Music]
i think your dad might still be a little
upset
you